I.....
I've never watched Joe versus the volcano. I don't
Ha, ha, ha... ha...
That was their very first movie together.
and you've I am not...
mail and it was okay but you know what sleeps in Seattle is the best
out of all of them, the story and everything.
Really...?
Youdr self...
Yeah...
Hmm...
Yeah.. it for mail...
I just felt she was trying too hard to be feisty.
And I just didn't.
I'm doing a chant.
I don't know what it was about Sleep is in Seattle. . You know...
I have no idea (***)
When they held their hands they knew, like it was magical.
I love the way they played on that.
Ha... ha... ha...
Yeah... Is it what the kids were talking in like...
Codes and the adults couldn't keep up.
Ah  huh...      hmmmm....
Yeah...
Hmm...
I don't know, but Meg Brannan did a lot.
of other realms close, right?
Do you like any of her other ones?
Like when Harry met Sally.  ha... ha... ha...
Ha, ha, ha...
Yeah...
It is. The certain scenes were kind of a little embarrassing too.
Ha, ha, ha...
Okay...  (***)
Oh, really? Where is it at?
Hmm...
Yeah...
A proposal?    Green card, right?
Married  for  the yeah.. yeah..different proposal...(***)   for ever
Ha... ha..
Ha, ha, ha...
Ryan Reynolds  and  Sandra Bullock.
It's so funny because that movie like
in terms of the topic.
We always used to joke about it because there's a lot of our friends who...
are from Japan that wants to stay in
the U.S. and we always like joke about that.
Let's just get married and I can get you a green card like we always do. ha.. ha...
He used to talk about that so..
to me like that canada U> S. stretch was just like
No it to me it was like no it's not
Because it's so easy.
to get a working permit from people in Canada. yes..
Especially if they live in that border area, right?
No, but that's like, to me, that...
Movie like... Ha... ha.. ha..
Ha, ha, ha...
But that's why I'm like, I like that movie. I like the chemistry between.
Ryan Reynolds and the story
The storyline was, I was like, the story seemed a little weak to me.
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha...
I think...
Ha... ha... ha...
Ha, ha, ha...
Fourty four... Okay...
Not on recording.
There's so many. Okay, the other per act, this is Jennifer Lopez.
Wedding planners. no.. I don't...
Okay.
Yes  and...     Yea..
Also, like ....
Ohhhh...
(***)